CMOS-245: Add Disk Commit Fail Prom Alert (#183)
couchbaselabs/observability: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/cmos-health-checks.adoc

*Further Reading*: https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/install/best-practices-vm.html[Virtualisation Best Practices]

[#CB90043]
=== Disk Commit Fail (CB90043)

*Background*: A disk commit failure is when Couchbase Server cannot write data from memory to the file system.

> *Condition*: An item failed to be committed from memory to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Condition*: An item failed to be written to disk.
```

Trying to make this understandable for people without deep knowledge of our innards, while still reasonably technical (since that's the point of the Condition field) - what do you think?

> *Remediation*: Review memcached.log to identify the cause, or contact Couchbase Technical Support.

Reviewer: Can we have something more useful here? For example, "check your infrastructure" or something along those lines?

*Background*: A disk commit failure is when Couchbase Server cannot write data from memory to the file system.

*Condition*: An item failed to be written to disk.

> *Remediation*: Review your infrastructure for signs of corruption or any other issues, or contact Couchbase Technical Support.

Reviewer: "Corruption" isn't the word I'd use here, perhaps "disk problems" or something like that?
